Tutorial enhancements (#55)
vaadin-learning-center/learning-content: tutorials/getting-started-with-flow/02__listing-entities-in-a-grid/content.adoc

Before getting into actual Vaadin development, we add the necessary domain objects and a dummy backend. In a real-world application, you would most probably have something similar implemented with JPA and EJB, or a Spring-based service.

The first step is to copy three Java classes from GitHub and add them to your project. 

> We will use these classes to when building the UI. 

Reviewer: Using present tense and active voice when possible is recommended for technical docs. I have also used it throughout. I recommend using the original.

Here is a list of the files to copy: 

* https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vaadin/tutorial/vaadin10%2B/src/main/java/com/vaadin/starter/skeleton/backend/CustomerStatus.java[`CustomerStatus.java`]: This is a simple enum class
* https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vaadin/tutorial/vaadin10%2B/src/main/java/com/vaadin/starter/skeleton/backend/Customer.java[`Customer.java`]: This this is the main domain object. It is the basic Java bean that we use in our example.
* https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vaadin/tutorial/vaadin10%2B/src/main/java/com/vaadin/starter/skeleton/backend/CustomerService.java[`CustomerService.java`]: This is a simple service class via which you can request and modify `Customer` instances. Think of this class as the entry point to the dummy database.

[TIP]

> The fastest way to copy classes using Eclipse is to use your good, old clipboard. Select the text content of the whole class from your browser, choose "Edit > Copy", focus the node representing the [packagename]#com.vaadin.starter.skeleton.my-app# Java package in Eclipse’s Java Resources view and choose "Edit > Paste". Eclipse is smart enough to automatically create a properly named Java file for the class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fastest way to copy classes in Eclipse is to use your clipboard. In your browser, select the text content of the class and choose *Edit > Copy*. In *Project Explorer* in Eclipse, right-click `../[packagename]#com.vaadin.starter.skeleton.my-app#` in `Java Resources` and choose *Edit > Paste*. Eclipse is smart enough to automatically create a properly-named Java file for the class.
```
